these are the counters of Israel's
National carrier at shalal airport in
the queue are French and Israeli duel
Nationals who booked last minute tickets
but were given travel priority they are
some of those who answered Israel's call
to sign up to fight in
Gaza French media accompanied them on
their journey to Tel Aviv and while
Israel has welcomed their participation
it doesn't have unanimous support back
home one parliamentarian wants French
national who joined the ranks of the
Israeli Army to be investigated and even
prosecuted I'm not here to prejudge or
slander any body but I am calling for an
investigation and if charges are proven
to be true then they must be brought to
Justice a number of Frenchmen have
published videos confirming their
presence on the battlefield prompting
calls for accountability and cautions
about the danger of allowing French
Nationals to fight alongside Israeli
soldiers
we've been warning about this issue for
quite some time France and Israel signed
an agreement years ago allowing French
Nationals to serve in the Israeli Army
which is a foreign occupation
Army the French government refuses to
address the issue despite the public and
political criticism it has caused for
some observers the silence isn't
surprising the French government doesn't
want to address this issue at all
because in a way its policies seem to
endorse the Israeli Army and France
Nationals engag in combat there with no
regards to
consequences the public manner in which
a number of French Nationals join the
Israeli Army continues to raise
questions which may persist long after
their return to France Sonia Gago Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer